Updated `Release_notes.md` for 2025 Q1 release (#144)
CDOT-CV/jpo-ode: docs/Release_notes.md

JPO-ODE Release Notes
----------------------------

Version 4.0.0, released January 2025
----------------------------------------
### **Summary**

> The jpo-ode 4.0.0 release brings a variety of updates aimed at enhancing functionality, maintainability, and the overall development experience. Key highlights include the introduction of a Generated TMC TIM Topic, Spring Kafka migrations for improved integration, and updates to TIM schemas and JSON annotations for more accurate ODE processing. Significant strides have been made in optimizing configurations, with enhancements like the extraction of Kafka properties, environment variables, and Kafka topics into more streamlined Spring Configuration properties. Additionally, schema updates have been made to increment the version for output messages and ensure compatibility with J2735 2024. Developer-focused changes include revisions to the README, Makefile, and devcontainer to support smoother onboarding and ease of use. Other important updates encompass new entries in the submodule compatibility guide, version upgrades, and bug fixes related to Kafka configurations and message handling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The jpo-ode 4.0.0 release brings a variety of updates aimed at enhancing functionality, maintainability, and the overall development experience. Key highlights include the introduction of a generated TMC TIM Topic, the migration from custom a Kafka client to Spring Kafka for improved integration, and updates to TIM schemas and JSON annotations for more J2735-accurate ODE processing. Significant strides have been made in optimizing configurations, with enhancements like the extraction of Kafka properties, environment variables, and Kafka topics into more streamlined Spring Configuration properties. Additionally, schema updates have been made to increment the version for output messages and ensure compatibility with J2735 2024. Developer-focused changes include revisions to the README, Makefile, and devcontainer to support smoother onboarding and ease of use. Other important updates encompass new entries in the submodule compatibility guide, version upgrades, and bug fixes related to Kafka configurations and message handling.
```
Just some small recommendations to capitalization and making certain points clearer to someone without knowledge of our team lingo.

Enhancements in this release:

> - [CDOT PR 100](https://github.com/CDOT-CV/jpo-ode/pull/100): Add Generated TMC TIM Topic

Reviewer: I like the inclusion of links to the PRs! Definitely useful when this is going to be located on a USDOT repository where these will not be visible from the pull requests tab.

JPO-ODE Release Notes
----------------------------

Version 4.0.0, released January 2025
----------------------------------------
### **Summary**

> The jpo-ode 4.0.0 release brings a variety of updates aimed at enhancing functionality, maintainability, and the overall development experience. Key highlights include the introduction of a generated TMC TIM Topic, the migration from a custom Kafka client to Spring Kafka for improved Spring integration, and updates to TIM schemas and JSON annotations for more J2735-accurate ODE processing. Significant strides have been made in optimizing configurations, with enhancements like the extraction of Kafka properties, environment variables, and Kafka topics into more streamlined Spring Configuration properties. Additionally, schema updates have been made to increment the version for output messages and ensure compatibility with J2735 2024. Developer-focused changes include revisions to the README, Makefile, and devcontainer to support smoother onboarding and ease of use. Other important updates encompass new entries in the submodule compatibility guide, version upgrades, and bug fixes related to Kafka configurations and message handling.

Reviewer 2: suggestion(non-blocking): 
- Use a formatted list for the key highlights to improve readability
- Wrap long strings of text to improve plaintext reviewing of the file. Markdown renderers auto-wrap text, but if readers don't use one, then they have to scroll to the right to read the text

```suggestion
The jpo-ode 4.0.0 release brings a variety of updates aimed at enhancing functionality, maintainability, and overall development experience.

Key highlights include:
- The introduction of a generated TMC TIM Topic
- The migration from a custom Kafka client to Spring Kafka for improved Spring integration
- Updates to TIM schemas and JSON annotations for more J2735-accurate ODE processing

Significant strides have been made in optimizing configurations through enhancements like the extraction of Kafka properties,
environment variables, and Kafka topics into more streamlined Spring Configuration properties. Additionally, schema
updates have been made to increment the version for output messages and ensure compatibility with J2735 2024.
Developer-focused changes include revisions to the README, Makefile, and devcontainer to support smoother onboarding and
ease of use. Other vital updates encompass new entries in the submodule compatibility guide, version upgrades, and
bug fixes related to Kafka configurations and message handling.
```

- ODE-604 Support multiple types of payloads for receivedMsgRecord

### Sprint 23
- ODE-559	ASN1 CODEC Decoder Module Connection

### Sprint 22
- ODE-528	Support publishing of TIM data received from WYDOT log files

### Sprint 21
- ODE-483 Implementing generatedAt field in the metadata for TIM
- ODE-512	Support receiving WYDOT BSM Log files

### Sprint 20
- ODE-476 Change TIM schema to use real unit values
- ODE-485 TIM S3 depositor service

### Sprint 18
- ODE-201	Validate/authenticate Basic Safety Message (BSM) and MessageFrames received from the OBU using the 1609.2 Implementation
- ODE-436	Provide header information in JSON stream of processed BSM	Story	Medium

### Sprint 17
- ODE-314 Build VSDs from received BSMs and deposit them to SDC (Phase 2)
- ODE-413 Generalize S3 Depositor with configuration features

### Sprint 16
- ODE-400 Updated TIM REST Calls to enable querying and deleting messages
- ODE-401 Created S3 deposit service to watch Kafka topic and deposit BSM files
- ODE-381 1609.2 Security Libary is located within the ODE library

### Sprint 15
- ODE-381 Leidos Security Library Integration implementing 1609.2

>   -- As part of this new feature, the build process was updated in the [ODE README file](README.md) with additional steps for obtaining the source code and building the application. Please review the [Getting Started](https://github.com/usdot-jpo-ode/jpo-ode#getting-started) section for details.

Reviewer 2: suggestion(non-blocking): Update the link to the readme
```suggestion
  -- As part of this new feature, the build process was updated in the [ODE README file](../README.md)) with additional steps for obtaining the source code and building the application. Please review the [Getting Started](https://github.com/usdot-jpo-ode/jpo-ode#getting-started) section for details.
```
